update band metadata (#23)
dcs4cop/xcube-sh: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.6.0 (in development)

> * Expanded band metadata and added flags to Sentinel-3 OCLI L1B, Sentinel-3 SLSTR L1B flags not added yet.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhanced band metadata and added flag encodings for Sentinel-3 OCLI L1B datasets. 
  Additional band metadata and flag encodings for Sentinel-3 SLSTR L1B datasets will follow soon.  
```
